PG-1500 Extended mlock description (#171)
Percona-Lab/postgres: contrib/pg_tde/documentation/docs/yum.md

## Memory limits for `pg_tde` keys

The `pg_tde` uses memory locks (mlocks) to keep internal encryption keys in RAM, both for WAL and for user data.  

A memory lock (`mlock`) is a system call to lock a specified memory range in RAM for a process. The maximum amount of memory that can be locked differs between systems. You can check the current setting with this command:

```
ulimit -a 
```

Memory locking is done only in memory pages. This means that when a process uses `mlocks`, it locks the entire memory page. 
 

> A process can have child processes that share the `mlock` limits of their parent. In PostgreSQL, the parent process is the one that runs the server. Child processes are connections to the server. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A process can have child processes that share the `mlock` limits of their parent. In PostgreSQL, the parent process is the one that runs the server. And its child backend processes handle client connections to the server. 
```

If the `mlock` limit is greater than the page size, a child process locks another page for its operation. However, when the `mlock` limit equals the page size, the child process cannot run because the max memory limit is already reached by the parent process that used it for reading WAL files. This results in `pg_tde` failing with the error.

> To prevent this, you can change the `mlock` limit to be twice bigger than the memory page size:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To prevent this, you can change the `mlock` limit to be at least twice bigger than the memory page size:
```
